Clean up struct names and references to them (#706)
mlswg/mls-protocol: draft-ietf-mls-protocol.md

} MLSMessage;
~~~

> Proposals from senders external to the group are sent as MLSPlaintext. See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Messages from senders that aren't in the group are sent as MLSPlaintext. See
```

> {{external-proposals}} for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{external-proposals}} and {{joining-via-external-commits}} for more details.
```

the `sender_type` of the sender as described above.

The confirmation tag value confirms that the members of the group have arrived

> at the same state of the group. An ContentAuthData is said to be valid when both

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at the same state of the group. A ContentAuthData is said to be valid when both
```

## Proposals

> Proposals are included in an MessageContent by way of a Proposal structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proposals are included in a MessageContent by way of a Proposal structure
```

} Proposal;
~~~

> On receiving an MessageContent containing a Proposal, a client MUST verify the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On receiving a MessageContent containing a Proposal, a client MUST verify the
```

  of PSKs in the derivation corresponds to the order of PreSharedKey proposals
  in the `proposals` vector.

> * Construct an MessageContent object containing the Commit object. Sign the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Construct a MessageContent object containing the Commit object. Sign the
```

~~~ tls
struct {
    CipherSuite cipher_suite;
    opaque group_id<V>;
    uint64 epoch;
    opaque tree_hash<V>;
    opaque confirmed_transcript_hash<V>;

>     Extension group_context_extensions<V>;

Reviewer: - [ ] Please also update GroupInfoTBS below.
- [ ] Three references to `group_context_extensions` in text

>     Extension other_extensions<V>;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Extension extensions<V>;
```

Reviewer: Also will need to update three references to `other_extensions` in text
